so what we have here is a beautiful atlantic
salmon so what we want to look for is freshness in
this we want to make sure that the flesh bounces
back we want to make sure that the gills have a
nice look to them that there's no fishy smell
in them the eyes aren't sunken in I have that
nice sort of shock look we want to look to make
sure that the innards don't have any blood spots
on it and that it's nice and fresh and we want
to check both sides too right to make sure that
there's nothing damaged on here and that
again it's not a slimy texture as well
now there are a number of ways of purchasing
it this way that we've purchased it
has all of the scales removed sometimes they
have the fins removed all of the innards taken
out and this is what we call whole dressed you
could also get it already the pin bones removed
this one still has the skin on it uh but this
is another way of purchasing it with this pin
bones removed and the rib cage removed
this
fish is called anodimus which means it starts off
in the fresh water goes to the salt water and
then comes back this is a round fish which has
two fillets in it one on each side now we're
going to take the fillets apart on this fish